Add Rust for the Web Hamburg to Calendar (#2539)
mainmatter/mainmatter.com: src/calendar/2024-11-28-rust-for-the-web copy.md

---

> title: "Rust for the Web Hamburg"

Reviewer: Rust Hack & Learn with Mainmatter & Otto

image: "/assets/images/calendar/2024-11-28-rust-for-the-web copy/rust.png"
location: "Hamburg"

> url: https://www.meetup.com/rust-meetup-hamburg/events/303898286/?isFirstPublish=true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
url: https://www.meetup.com/rust-meetup-hamburg/events/303898286/
```

kind: meetup
color: aqua
---

> We're hosting an event in collaboration with the Rust Hamburg meetup group and
> Otto. The event will take place at Collabor8, Otto in Hamburg, on November 28th.
> Our Managing Director, Marco Otto-Witte, will give a talk titled "A Blueprint
> for Rust/Axum Apps". In his talk, Marco will introduce Gerust's architecture,
> its core principles, and provide an outlook on future plans for the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're hosting an event in collaboration with the Rust Hamburg meetup group and
Otto in November. The event will take place at Otto's Collabor8 space in Hamburg, on November 28th.
Mainmatter's Founder, Marco Otte-Witte, will introduce [gerust](https://github.com/mainmatter/gerust), a project generator and manager for Rust backend projects.
```
